# Structure of test content

The folder testProjectFixtures contains different environments to test the extension in.

Each environment is in a folder which name describes the enviroment.

Inside the environment folder there is 3 folders.

- projectFiles
  - This is the project which VSCode loads as the working folder for the IDE
- suite
  - Has the `*.test.ts` files in any subfolder structure which Mocha test framework runs
- testExpectsAndFixtures
  - Has subfolders with naming convention `${FILENAME}.${FUNCTIONNAME}`.
  - `expectedFunctionRunOutput.txt` contains the expected output of VSCode output-channel of the function run feature
  - `expectedRunInputView.ts` contains the expected run-input-view content generated by the extension
    - `__test_case_id_here__0`, `__test_case_id_here__1`, etc, is being replaced the test code by the actual use case identifiers which would be used. Increment the number yourself for every new use case to get a new identifier for the use case.
  - `expectedTestInputView.ts` contains the expected test-input-view content generated by the extension
  - `runInputViewToRunWith.ts` contains the run-input-view to to test the "function run feature". This generates the `expectedFunctionRunOutput.txt`
  - `testInputViewToGenerateTestWith.ts` contains the test-input-view to to test the "unit test generation feature". This generates the `${FILENAME}.${FUNCTIONNAME}.spec.ts`
  - `debugInputViewToDebugWith.ts` contains the run/debug-input-view to to test the "function debugging feature".
  - `${FILENAME}.${FUNCTIONNAME}.spec.ts` contains the expected generated unit tests
  - `recordings.json` to test the encryption/decryption of the recording
